suit1
Name: The Peanutshell Newborn Layette Gift Set for Baby Boys - 23 Piece Newborn Boy Clothes & Accessories Set - Fits Newborns to 3 Months - Blue Camo
Price: ₱1,200
100% Cotton
Imported
Snap closure
Machine Wash
23 MUST HAVE ACCESSORIES: This adorable gift set has all the clothes and linens you need for a new baby. It includes 4 short sleeve and 3 long sleeved bodysuits, 1 blue camoflauge zipper sleep sack, 5 beanies, 3 pairs of scratch prevention mittens, 3 burp cloths, and 4 receiving blankets measuring 30" x 30” that are perfect to help you wrap your child into a swaddle
SOFT 100% COTTON CLOTHING: Knit cotton is the top choice of many parents for its cozy, breathable qualities. You’ll love these soft, 100% cotton baby clothes. The sleeping sack makes an excellent sleeper to keep your little one comfortable all night long. You can also use the bodysuits as pajamas or daytime clothes
MIX & MATCH: This cute baby gear set is perfect for winter, spring, and summer, and fall. The hats and mittens are a great way to keep your child warm no matter what the temperature is outside. These pieces are also great for layering under coats, winter suits, and blankets. If it’s summertime, the bodysuits work great on their own as an outfit


suit2
Name: JunNeng Baby Girl 2 Pack Bodysuits Infant Toddler Ruffled Neckline Ribbed Romper Short Sleeve Summer Outfits
Price: ₱450
Snap closure
Machine Wash or Hand Wash
Material---High quality cotton. Soft, breathable, comfy, durable and not irritating to baby’s skin
Easy to Fit---The opening at the back of the neck makes it easier for baby's head to pass through. Snap leg openings for easy diaper changes
Feature---Ruffled neckline is more fashionable. Best gift for your baby girl
Occasion---Suitable for Playing, birthday, party, sleeping, casual
Age---Recommended Age for toddler infant baby girl kids 3-6 Months, 6-9 Months, 9-12 Months, 12-18 Months


suit3
Name: Gerber Unisex Baby 5-pack Short Sleeve Variety Onesies Bodysuits
Price: ₱360
100% Cotton
Imported
Pull On closure
Machine Wash
Includes five short sleeve Onesies Brand bodysuits
Features expandable lap shoulder necklines & high-positioned bottom snaps for easier changes
Perfect for layering or wearing solo. Provides all-day comfort.


suit4
Name: CARETOO Infant Baby Boy Clothes Gentleman Outfits Suit Newborn Summer Short Sleeve Bowtie Bodysuit + Suspender Shorts(0-18M)
Price: ₱520
Cotton Blend
Imported
Snap closure
Machine Wash or Hand Wash
【Great Fabrics】: Newborn baby boy gentleman clothes outfits is made of high-quality cotton fabric, which is super soft, lightweight and breathable, better protection to baby's skin. Package: 1 * bodysuit shirts, 1 * shorts, 1 * bowtie, 1 * suspender.
【More convenient】: The toddler boy clothes short sleeve romper shirt has buttons in the crotch, snap on closure, convenient for wear and diaper changing.
【Design】: The infant baby boy summer clothes bib pants are designed with elastic waistband and detachable buttons, it allows the baby to have more different wearing styles. The adjustable sling can give the baby the best comfort.


suit5
Name: Little Christian Baby Organic Cotton Rib Romper and Pants Set
Price: ₱430
Cotton
Imported
No Closure closure
Gentle Machine Wash
Gentle Machine Wash


suit6
Name: LITTLE JAMJAMS Ruffled Zippered One-Piece Bamboo Viscose Ultra Soft Onesie Pajamas Rompers 0-36 Months
Price: ₱630
95% bamboo fiber, 5% spandex
Imported
Zipper closure
Hand Wash Only
ECO SUSTAINABLE & HYPOALLERGENIC - made from soft and breathable bamboo viscose and eco-friendly dyes that use significantly less water and resources than traditional cotton, Little JamJams one-piece Pajamas rompers are perfect for baby’s sensitive skin.
LIGHTWEIGHT, SOFT & STRETCHY - Made of 95% bamboo viscose and 5% spandex to provide a stretchy, comfortable fit. Stretch ruffled around the back waist for added lovely.
REVERSIBLE 2-WAY RUFFLED ZIPPERS - Unzip our one-piece Pajamas from the top or bottom - perfect for late-night diaper changes, when you’re on the go or anytime you don’t want to fully undress your baby.