blanket1
Name: Baby Want Designs Baby Swaddle Blanket; Premium Bamboo Cotton Swaddle Set; Ultra-Soft & Eco-Friendly; Large 47 in, Machine Washable Receiving Blankets, Swaddles for Newborns - Dusty Rose
Price: ₱420
Material	Swaddle/Headband Set
Color	Dusty Rose
Brand	Baby Want Designs
Special Feature		Skin Friendly, Lightweight, Soft, Breathable
Style	Modern
About this item
70% Bamboo/30% Cotton
❤️ A BEAUTIFUL NEWBORN SWADDLE SET-1 Bamboo Cotton Receiving Blanket and 1 Bamboo Headband Bow Included- Let your little one fall into a deep slumber in this silky soft and hypoallergenic newborn swaddle baby blanket. Your baby will also look super adorable wearing the matching headband with this Amazing baby swaddle! Machine Washable With Cold Water-Tumble Dry low. The perfect boho themed swaddles for newborns.
LARGE, SOFT & BREATHABLE NEWBORN BLANKET- Made of 70% bamboo and 30% cotton, the fabric of the baby blankets and headbands is gentle on the skin and NOT scratchy like other cheaply made Muslin 100% cotton wraps. Our baby girl swaddle and headband set regulates body temperature and calms the startle reflux so your newborn stays comfy and cozy. Baby Shower Blankets for newborn girls.
DESIGNED TO LAST- This baby boy or baby girl blanket offers excellent value for your money. It's made from premium, long-lasting materials and can be passed down from one generation to another.
🌿 SAFE, SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS- Our baby blankets are made from bamboo which is a sustainable material. These bamboo and muslin swaddle blankets meet the Oeko-Tex Standard 100 for safety.
A MULTIPURPOSE GIFT- Our versatile baby girl bamboo swaddle blanket is a great baby shower or gender reveal presents. This one muslin blanket can function as a stroller cover, burp cloth, hospital swaddle blanket and car seat cover. Plus the baby girl headbands with bows matches perfect with our swaddle! Mantas Para Bebes Recien Nacidos.
🇺🇸 A TRUSTWORTHY BRAND- Veteran Owned Small Family Business from North Dakota, USA. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
Bamboo Swaddle Blanket- Receiving Blankets Girl


blanket2
Name: Baby Swaddle Blanket, Easy Newborn Swaddle, Soft and Breathable Organic Cotton Swaddle Sack, Adjustable Baby Swaddle Wrap Set for Baby Boy Baby Girl, Small (0-3 Months), Chevron/Arrows/Dots
Price: ₱456
Material	Cotton
Color	Chevron/Arrows/Dots
Brand	Mama Cheetah
Special Feature	Lightweight, Breathable
Style	Modern
About this item
100% Organic Cotton
Premium Quality - Soft, Lightweight and Breathable, 100% Premium Organic Cotton. The Mama Cheetah Wrap Swaddle is made of high quality baby-safe, lightweight and breathable Premium Organic Cotton that keeps your newborn baby feeling held and snug. Baby swaddle blanket wrap also keeps the baby's hands off their faces and helps prevent scratching. Using baby wrap swaddle is a wonderful and safe way to help calm and comfort your baby.
Helps Maintain Temperature - A breathable fabric, like the 100% premium organic cotton of the Mama Cheetah's newborn swaddle blanket will help keep your baby perfectly wrapped, cozy, and sleep peacefully. After being swaddled, your baby's skin should feel comfortable to touch and not too warm.
Easy Swaddling With Adjustable Design - No more worries about late-night struggles and sleepless nights. Swaddle your little angel safely, comfortably and snugly with our adjustable baby swaddles made with soft fabric wings that fasten securely with hook and loop attachments to create a perfect fit and cozy feeling. It also helps your newborn fall asleep more quickly and stay asleep more consistently throughout the night.
Perfect for Babies (0-3 Months) - Our Newborn Swaddles are made without zippers, ties, snaps, or buttons to be extra safe and soft for your newborn. The Mama Cheetah swaddle sleeping sack comes with three different sizes, XS, S/M, and L. Our universal fit Small-Medium size swaddles are perfect fit for newborn infants 0-3 months, weighing 7-14 lbs, intended for babies up to 26 inches. Large sized swaddles perfectly fit infants 3-6 months, weighting 14-18 lbs, intended for babies up to 33 inches.



blanket3
Name: Donsonny Baby Blanket for Boys Girls Soft Minky with Double Layer Dotted Backing, Color Dinosaurs Printed 30 x 40 Inch Receiving Blanket
Price: ₱250

Material	Polyester
Color	Color Dinosaurs
Brand	Donsonny
Special Feature	Reversible, Breathable
Style	Cute
About this item
Warm & Cosy all year long: We use super soft minky fleece.Double-sided reversible design offer you different soft with one side of smooth and 3D dotted to the other. Light and breathable, warm and cosy,like mother's touch,will help calm little ones.Treat children to restful naps and cozy nights.
Childlike Gifts: All adorable collections ranging from bold and playful to traditional and classic, each product is lovingly designed with quality and comfort in mind.Bring your child’s imagination to life with Donsonny baby blankets. These not only blankets, but also perfect gifts that will become every child's precious keepsake.
Excellent Quality: Neat stitches enhance strong connections at seams and better strength with integrated and elegant outlook.Non- formaldehyde, non- fluorescent agent, non- irritation. We care about your baby as much as you do, we also understand that safety and comfort are the most important.
Multi-function & Portable: This baby blankets come in 30"x40" perfectly sized a baby towel, a stroller cover, a baby mat, a nap blanket, a office throw, a travel blanket, a cuddle warp or a pet mat. Perfect as carry along friends!
Easy To Wash And Care: Pls wash before use. Machine wash cold separately.Gentle cycle. Only non-chlorine blench when needed.Tumble dry low. Do not iron. Keep the blanket away from fire.


blanket4
Name: Bayceen Purple Floral Print Minky Baby Blanket for Girls, Double Layer Silky Soft Micro Fleece Baby Girl Blanket with Dotted Backing, Purple Floral, 30x40 Inches
Price: ₱290

blanket5
Name: Konssy Waffle Baby Blankets, Nursery Blankets for Boys Girls, Swaddle Blankets Neutral Soft Lightweight Toddler and Kids Throw Blankets(Oat)
Price: ₱399
Material	50% cotton 50% bamboo
Color	Oat
Brand	Konssy
Special Feature	Breathable
Style	Modern
About this item
【Waffle FABRIC】-This baby blanket is made of 50% cotton 50% bamboo (coziest fabric) which is Waffle pattern. It is Warm & Breathable, no zippers, no velcro or snaps, more comfortable for your baby’s delicate skin.
【PERFECT SIZE】-Our baby girl swaddle measures approx 41" x 37" (104 x 94 cm). It is a perfect baby blanket to keep your baby toddler warm.
【MULTI-PURPOSE】- The baby swaddle blanket can be used as Baby Bed Blanket, Swaddling Blanket, Throw Blankets, Stroller blanket, Crib blanket or A Gift for Baby Shower.
【SOLID COLORS】- Who doesn't love these solid Neutral color? Our baby blanket will make your baby look more adorable. It will become cherished moments of their childhood by taking beautiful newborn photos with our cut blanket.
【AWESOME GIFT】- This baby blanket with unisex design will make a caring and thoughtful gift on any occasion for both baby girls and boys. It is perfect for baby photography props, or a gift to announce the birth of your special little one!


blanket6
Name: Pro Goleem Fleece Baby Blanket with 2 Inch Satin Trim Soft Plush Blanket for Boys and Girls for Babies Purple 30x40 Inch
Price: ₱178
Material	Fleece
Color	Purple
Brand	Pro Goleem
Style	Modern
Age Range (Description)	Baby
About this item
Fleece
【Package and Size】: 1 plush baby blanket with 2’’ satin binding included. The newborn baby blanket measures 30’’x40’’
【Premium Material】: Made from high-quality healthy material which is ultra soft. Perfect for the baby’s delicate skin
【Satin Edge】: 2 inch satin edge makes the blanket more luxurious. Good decoration for the nursery room
【Multi-use】: Our infant blanket could be used for sleeping, stroller, crib, shower and so on. Great gift for baby as well as our furry friend
【Easy care】: Machine wash available. No fading, No shedding, No pilling